Jerin: Have you played Sigmar's Garden?
Serena: Of course. Who hasn't?
Jerin: Some people are really uptight about playing with the proxies.
Jerin: But they're just marbles. It won't kill you to drag them around the engine just for fun.
Serena: If you wanted, you could play it here.
Jerin: On your cabinet?
Serena: Sure. And to keep things interesting, you have to use conduits to match between chambers.
Jerin: That sounds easy enough. Let me give it a try.

----- After winning 1 game.

Jerin: Trickier than I expected, but I think I understand it now.
Serena: It's one thing to clear the board once, it's another to do so consistently.
Jerin: Why don't you give it a go, if you're so great at it?
Serena: I don't have anything to prove. Also, I never claimed to be good at Sigmar's Garden.
Jerin: Mmh.
Serena: Oh, I'm just teasing you. You don't actually have to keep playing.
Jerin: Well... I still want to.

----- After winning 5 games.

Jerin: When did you come up with this variant of the game?
Serena: Back home, I'd sneak into my mother's alchemy office and play Sigmar's on some of her production cabinets.
Serena: It was... well... _strategically uninteresting_ until I came up with the conduit rule much later.
Serena: Still, it was something to do when I was by myself.
Jerin: I never played this before coming to the university.
Jerin: Someone in one of my classes showed it to me. I can't seem to remember her name, though.
Jerin: Come to think of it, she was awfully kind to me during my first few weeks. I didn't really know what I was doing. 

----- After winning 10 games.

Serena: "Awfully kind"?
Jerin: Well, yes. I think she noticed that I wasn't familiar with the "culture" around alchemical engineers, and-
Serena: I was in that class. Tullia wasn't just being "awfully kind", she was head over heels for you!
Serena: It was so obvious. I thought you just weren't interested.
Jerin: (embarrassed) Oh! I... I suppose that makes a lot more sense, looking back.
Serena: (playful) But it seems that instead her advances weren't able to pierce through that thick skull of yours.
Jerin: Maybe I should talk to her and apologize...
Serena: Oh, don't take it seriously. Honestly, I think it would be stranger to apologize now.
Jerin: Mmmh.

----- After winning 25 games.

Serena: You've never mentioned much about your life before coming to the University.
Jerin: It's because I'd rather keep it to myself.
Serena: How come?
Jerin: I wasn't brought up in affluence, Serena. Life is hard in the city. Especially in the wake of the collapse of two great houses.
Serena: Oh. I'm sorry I brought it up, then.
Jerin: No, it's fine. I just would rather avoid getting into the details.
Jerin: I suppose it's why I feel so out of place here. 
Serena: It's been almost four years, though. Surely you don't _still_ feel out of place?
Jerin: Well, I certainly feel a lot more comfortable with you around.

----- After winning 50 games.

Jerin: Don't you have better things to do than watch me play with these marbles all day?
Serena: I like the company.
Jerin: Really?
Serena: Well, I like _your_ company.
Jerin: ...
Serena: Besides, it's certainly more fun than constantly writing papers.
Serena: I hardly get to do any real alchemy in most of my classes. 
Jerin: I thought you loved doing that kind of work.
Serena: I never said that. I just happen to be better at it than most.
Serena: Don't mistake competence with enjoyment.
Jerin: Well, it's quite fortunate that I'm both good at _and_ enjoying this game.
Serena: Don't go boasting now. Perhaps someone will think you're trying to usurp their Sigmar's Garden prowess!
Jerin: Hah. Perhaps.
